Albus  didn't seem to realize that he had just arrived in a street where everything from his name to his boots was unwelcome.
"You can't blame them," said  gently.
I suppose he really has gone, ?"
"It certainly seems so," said .
Professor McGonagall flinched, but , who was unsticking two lemon drops, seemed not to notice.
"You flatter me," said  calmly.
Professor McGonagall shot a sharp look at  and said, "The owls are nothing next to the rumors that are flying around.
It seemed that Professor McGonagall had reached the point she was most anxious to discuss, the real reason she had been waiting on a cold, hard wall all day, for neither as a cat nor as a woman had she fixed  with such a piercing stare as she did now.
I didn't want to believe it... Oh, Albus..."  reached out and patted her on the shoulder.
"We can only guess," said .
It must have made sense to , though, because he put it back in his pocket and said, "Hagrid's late.
" -- you can't.
"It's the best place for him," said  firmly.
"Really, , you think you can explain all this in a letter?
"Exactly," said , looking very seriously over the top of his half-moon glasses.
But how is the boy getting here, ?"
I would trust Hagrid with my life," said .
"Hagrid," said , sounding relieved.
"Borrowed it, Professor , sit," said the giant, climbing carefully off the motorcycle as he spoke.
"Yes," said .
"Couldn't you do something about it, ?"
"Well," said  finally, "that's that.
G'night, Professor McGonagall -- Professor , sir."
"I shall see you soon, I expect, Professor McGonagall," said , nodding to her.
Never told him what was in the letter  left fer him?
I saw  leave it, Dursley!
With his tongue between his teeth he scribbled a note that Harry could read upside down: Dear Professor , Given Harry his letter.
Reckon 's the only one You-Know-Who was afraid of.
Suppose the myst'ry is why You-Know-Who never tried to get 'em on his side before... probably knew they were too close ter  ter want anythin' ter do with the Dark Side.
"Took yeh from the ruined house myself, on 's orders.
But  let me stay on as gamekeeper.
Fer .
"They wanted  fer Minister, 0 ' course, but he'd never leave Hogwarts, so old Cornelius Fudge got the job.
So he pelts  with owls every morning, askin' fer advice."
"An' I've also got a letter here from Professor ," said Hagrid importantly, throwing out his chest.
Underneath the picture was the name Albus .
"So this is !"
"Don't tell me you'd never heard of !"
I might get Agrippa -- thanks Harry turned over his card and read: ALBUS DUMBLEDORE CURRENTLY HEADMASTER OF HOGWARTS Considered by many the greatest wizard of modern times,  is particularly famous for his defeat of the dark wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the discovery of the twelve uses of dragon's blood, and his work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas Flamel.
Professor  enjoys chamber music and tenpin bowling.
Harry turned the card back over and saw, to his astonishment, that 's face had disappeared.
Harry stared as  sidled back into the picture on his card and gave him a small smile.
Soon he had not only  and Morgana, but Hengist of Woodcroft, Alberic Grunnion, Circe, Paracelsus, and Merlin.
I've been asking around, and I hope I'm in Gryffindor, it sounds by far the best; I hear  himself was in it, but I suppose Ravenclaw wouldn't be too bad....
And there, in the center of the High Table, in a large gold chair, sat Albus .
Professor McGonagall was talking to Professor .
At last, the desserts too disappeared, and Professor  got to his feet again.
"Must be," said Percy, frowning at .
cried .
"Everyone pick their favorite tune," said , "and off we go!"
Maybe she was taking him to .
I shall speak to Professor  and see if we can't bend the first-year rule.
Everyone stared as he reached Professor 's chair, slumped against the table, and gasped, "Troll -- in the dungeons -- thought you ought to know."
"I know he's not very nice, but he wouldn't try and steal something  was keeping safe."
"Yeah -- he's mine -- bought him off a Greek chappie I met in the pub las' year -- I lent him to  to guard the "Yes?"
Up at the High Table,  had swapped his pointed wizard's hat for a flowered bonnet, and was chuckling merrily at a joke Professor Flitwick had just read him.
Sitting on one of the desks by the wall was none other than Albus .
"Strange how nearsighted being invisible can make you," said , and Harry was relieved to see that he was smiling.
"So," said , slipping off the desk to sit on the floor with Harry, "you, like hundreds before you, have discovered the delights of the Mirror of Erised."
"I don't need a cloak to become invisible," said  gently.
"Sir -- Professor ?
"Obviously, you've just done so,"  smiled.
"One can never have enough socks," said .
It was only when he was back in bed that it struck Harry that  might not have been quite truthful.
CHAPTER THIRTEEN NICOLAS FLAMEL  had convinced Harry not to go looking for the Mirror of Erised again, and for the rest of the Christmas holidays the invisibility cloak stayed folded at the bottom of his trunk.
"You see,  was right, that mirror could drive you mad," said Ron, when Harry told him about these drearns.
I told you I'd read the name somewhere before, I read it on the train coming here -- listen to this: ' is particularly famous for his defeat of the dark wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the discovery of the twelve uses of dragon's blood, and his work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas Flamel'!"
I bet he asked  to keep it safe for him, because they're friends and he knew someone was after it, that's why he wanted the Stone moved out of Gringotts!"
"?"
There was simply no way that Snape would dare to try to hurt him if  was watching.
As Gryffindors came spilling onto the field, he saw Snape land nearby, white-faced and tight-lipped -- then Harry felt a hand on his shoulder and looked up into 's smiling face.
"Well done," said  quietly, so that only Harry could hear.
Professor Sprout -- Professor Flitwick -- Professor McGonagall --" he ticked them off on his fingers, "Professor Quirrell -- an'  himself did somethin', o' course.
"Not a soul knows except me an' ," said Hagrid proudly.
Malfoy could go to  at any moment."
"Go to .
It's not exactly a secret we hate him, 'll think we made it up to get him sacked.
"Harry, everyone says 's the only one You-Know-Who was ever afraid of With  around, You-Know-Who won't touch you.
And Neville will play Quidditch for England before Hagrid lets  down."
Hagrid would never betray .
"We've got to go to ," said Harry.
I just hope  believes us.
Where's 's office?"
They had never been told where  lived, nor did they know anyone who had been sent to see him.
"We want to see Professor ," said Hermione, rather bravely, Harry and Ron thought.
"Professor  left ten minutes ago," she said coldly.
"Professor  is a very great wizard, Potter, he has many demands on his time -- "But this is important."
I've got to talk to Professor ."
"Professor  will be back tomorrow," she said finally.
He's found out everything he needs, and now he's got  out of the way.
He sent that note, I bet the Ministry of Magic will get a real shock when  turns up."
Go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to , right?"
Grab brooms from the flying- key room, they'll get you out of the trapdoor and past Fluffy -- go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to , we need him.
I couldn't do anything with  watching.
"Trust  to come up with something like this... but he's in London...
"I see myself shaking hands with ," he invented.
The smiling face of Albus  swam into view above him.
"Tokens from your friends and admirers," said , beaming.
said , sounding quite delighted.
"Yes..." said  dreamily.
"You let Professor  in..." "Well, of course, that was the headmaster, quite different.
"Oh, Harry, we were sure you were going to --  was so worried --" "The whole school's talking about it," said Ron.
"I brought Ron round -- that took a while -- and we were dashing up to the owlery to contact  when we met him in the entrance hall -- he already knew -- he just said, 'Harry's gone after him, hasn't he?'
"He's a funny man, .
It's almost like he thought I had the right to face Voldemort if I could...." "Yeah, 's off his rocker, all right," said Ron proudly.
"Professor  says you are to be allowed to go," she said stiffily, as though in her opinion Professor  didn't realize how risky feasts could be.
Fortunately,  arrived moments later.
"Yes, Yes, well done, Slytherin," said .
"Ahem," said .
"Third -- to Mr. Harry Potter..." said .
They had tied for the house cup -- if only  had given Harry just one more point.
"There are all kinds of courage," said , smiling.
"Which means,  called over the storm of applause, for even Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were celebrating the downfall of Slytherin, "we need a little change of decoration."
