No wonder he's looking so nervous, that's Professor .
Knows an awful lot about the Dark Arts, ."
Harry watched  for a while, but  didn't look at him again.
Harry told the turban he didn't want to be in Slytherin; it got heavier and heavier; he tried to pull it off but it tightened painfully -- and there was Malfoy, laughing at him as he struggled with it -then Malfoy turned into the hook-nosed teacher, , whose laugh became high and cold -- there was a burst of green light and Harry woke, sweating and shaking.
"'s Head of Slytherin House.
He spoke in barely more than a whisper, but they caught every word -- like Professor McGonagall,  had y caught every word -- like Professor McGonagall,  had the gift of keeping a class silent without effort.
said  suddenly.
Over the noise,  said, "And a point will be taken from Gryffindor House for your cheek, Potter."
snarled , clearing the spilled potion away with one wave of his wand.
"Doi* push it," he muttered, "I've heard  can turn very nasty."
He'd lost two points for Gryffindor in his very first week -- why did  hate him so much?
Harry told Hagrid about 's lesson.
Hagrid, like Ron, told Harry not to worry about it, that  liked hardly any of the students.
And did Hagrid know something about  that he didn't want to tell Harry?
Flattened in that last match by Slytherin, I couldn't look Severus  in the face for weeks...." Professor McGonagall peered sternly over her glasses at Harry.
It was as if  had started handing out sweets.
They were standing with their backs to it, getting warm, when  crossed the yard.
Harry noticed at once that  was limping.
Unfortunately, something about their guilty faces caught 's eye.
"Library books are not to be taken outside the school," said .
Why should he be afraid of ?
Getting up, he told Ron and Hermione he was going to ask  if he could have it.
"Better you than me," they said together, but Harry had an idea that  wouldn't refuse if there were other teachers listening.
Perhaps  had left the book in there?
Filch was handing  bandages.
"Blasted thing*,"  was saying.
Harry left, before  could take any more points from Gryffindor.
I wouldn't put anything past .
He tried to empty his mind -- he needed to sleep, he had to, he had his first Quidditch match in a few hours -- but the expression on 's face when Harry had seen his leg wasn't easy to forget.
"I knew it," Hermione gasped, " -- look."
Hermione had fought her way across to the stand where  stood, and was now racing along the row behind him; she didn't even stop to say sorry as she knocked Professor Quirrell headfirst into the row in front.
Reaching , she crouched down, pulled out her wand, and whispered a few, well- chosen words.
Bright blue flames shot from her wand onto the hem of 's robes.
It took perhaps thirty seconds for  to realize that he was on fire.
Scooping the fire off him into a little jar in her pocket, she scrambled back along the row --  would never know what had happened.
"It was ," Ron was explaining, "Hermione and I saw him.
"Why would  do somethin' like that?"
"'s a Hogwarts teacher, he'd do nothin' of the sort."
The afternoon's events certainly seemed to have changed her mind about .
You've got to keep eye contact, and  wasn't blinking at all, I saw him!"
"I don' know why Harry's broom acted like that, but  wouldn' try an' kill a student!
Worst of all were Professor 's classes down in the dungeons, where their breath rose in a mist before them and they kept as close as possible to their hot cauldrons.
Ron dived at Malfoy just as  came up the stairs.
"He was provoked, Professor ," said Hagrid, sticking his huge hairy face out from behind the tree.
"Be that as it may, fighting is against Hogwarts rules, Hagrid," said  silkily.
"I'll get him," said Ron, grinding his teeth at Malfoy's back, "one of these days, I'll get him --" "I hate them both," said Harry, "Malfoy and ."
They had indeed been searching books for Flamel's name ever since Hagrid had let it slip, because how else were they going to find out what  was trying to steal?
They were sure she'd be able to tell them, but they couldn't risk  hearing what they were up to.
Harry stood rooted to the spot as Filch and  came around the corner ahead.
His panic fading now that there was no sound of Filch and , Harry moved nearer to the mirror, wanting to look at himself but see no reflection again.
What did it matter if  stole it, really?
Filch, , and Mrs. Norris are wandering around.
"'s refereeing?"
"We've just got to make sure we play a clean game, so  hasn't got an excuse to pick on us."
Which was all very well, thought Harry, but he had another reason for not wanting  near him while he was playing Quidditch....
Speaking quietly so that no one else would hear, Harry told the other two about 's sudden, sinister desire to be a Quidditch referee.
"No wonder 's after it!
It wasn't until Ron said he'd buy his own Quidditch team that Harry remembered about  and the coming match.
"If I don't, all the Slytherins will think I'm just too scared to face .
Potions lessons were turning into a sort of weekly torture,  was so horrible to Harry.
Could  possibly know they'd found out about the Sorcerer's Stone?
They'd gotten the idea from Malfoy using it on Neville, and were ready to use it on  if he showed any sign of wanting to hurt Harry.
Finish the game before  can favor Hufflepuff too much."
There was simply no way that  would dare to try to hurt him if Dumbledore was watching.
Perhaps that was why  was looking so angry as the teams marched onto the field, something that Ron noticed, too.
"I've never seen  look so mean," he told Hermione.
Ron didn't answer;  had just awarded Hufflepuff a penalty because George Weasley had hit a Bludger at him.
said Malfoy loudly a few minutes later, as  awarded Hufflepuff another penalty for no reason at all.
Hermione screamed, leaping onto her seat to watch as Harry sped straight at  -- she didn't even notice Malfoy and Ron rolling around under her seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle.
Up in the air,  turned on his broomstick just in time to see something scarlet shoot past him, missing him by inches -- the next second, Harry had pulled out of the dive, his arm raised in triumph, the Snitch clasped in his hand.
As Gryffindors came spilling onto the field, he saw  land nearby, white-faced and tight-lipped -- then Harry felt a hand on his shoulder and looked up into Dumbledore's smiling face.
"Nice to see you haven't been brooding about that mirror... been keeping busy... excellent..."  spat bitterly on the ground.
He'd done it, he'd shown .... And speaking of ... A hooded figure came swiftly down the front steps of the castle.
Gliding silently over the castle he saw  enter the forest at a run.
The trees were so thick he couldn't see where  had gone.
Below, in a shadowy clearing, stood , but he wasn't alone.
"... d-don't know why you wanted t-t-to meet here of all p-places, Severus..." "Oh, I thought we'd keep this private," said , his voice icy.
"B-b-but Severus, I --" "You don't want me as your enemy, Quirrell," said , taking a step toward him.
He steadied himself in time to hear  say, "-- your little bit of hocus-pocus.
"B-but I d-d-don't --" "Very well,"  cut in.
"So we were right, it is the Sorcerer's Stone, and 's trying to force Quirrell to help him get it.
He asked if he knew how to get past Fluffy - and he said something about Quirrell's 'hocus pocuss-- I reckon there are other things guarding the stone apart from Fluffy, loads of enchantments, probably, and Quirrell would have done some anti-Dark Arts spell that  needs to break through --" "So you mean the Stone's only safe as long as Quirrell stands up to ?"
Oh yeah, Professor ."
"?"
Look,  helped protect the Stone, he's not about ter steal it."
If  had been in on protecting the Stone, it must have been easy to find out how the other teachers had guarded it.
Come on -- I shall see Professor  about you, Malfoy!"
All the same, he'd have gambled twelve Sorcerer's Stones that  had just left the room, and from what Harry had just heard,  would be walking with a new spring in his step -- Quirrell seemed to have given in at last.
"'s done it, then!"
"Maybe 's found out how to get past him without asking Hagrid," said Ron, looking up at the thousands of books surrounding them.
Filch wouldn't help us if his life depended on it, he's too friendly with , and the more students get thrown out, the better, he'll think.
" wants the stone for Voldemort... and Voldemort's waiting in the forest... and all this time we thought  just wanted to get rich...." "Stop saying the name!"
"So all I've got to wait for now is  to steal the Stone," Harry went on feverishly, "then Voldemort will be able to come and finish me off... Well, I suppose Bane'll be happy."
Anyway, we've never had any proof  found out how to get past Fluffy.
"Hagrid told that stranger how to get past Fluffy, and it was either  or Voldemort under that cloak -- it must've been easy, once he'd got Hagrid drunk.
"'s going through the trapdoor tonight.
"You want to be more careful," said .
They turned to go outside, but  called them back.
"One of us has got to keep an eye on  -- wait outside the staff room and follow him if he leaves it.
He put on a high voice, "'Oh Professor Flitwick, I'm so worried, I think I got question fourteen b wrong....'" "Oh, shut up," said Hermione, but she agreed to go and watch out for .
Harry and Ron went back to the common room, Harry had just said, "At least Hermione's on 's tail," when the portrait of the Fat Lady swung open and Hermione came in.
" came out and asked me what I was doing, so I said I was waiting for Flitwick, and  went to get him, and I've only just got away, I don't know where  went."
"After what McGonagall and  have said?
If  gets hold of the Stone, Voldemort's coming back!
They couldn't afford to waste any more time,  might even now be playing Fluffy to sleep.
"Well, there you are," Harry said quietly, "'s already got past Fluffy."
" must have left it there."
said Hermione, and she whipped out her wand, waved it, muttered something, and sent a jet of the same bluebell flames she had used on  at the plant.
"But --" "Do you want to stop  or not?"
"We've had Sprout's, that was the Devil's Snare; Flitwick must've put charms on the keys; McGonagall transfigured the chessmen to make them alive; that leaves Quirrell's spell, and 's."
"'s," said Harry.
I might be able to hold  off for a while, but I'm no match for him, really."
There was already someone there -- but it wasn't .
"But I thought --  --" "Severus?"
"But  tried to kill me!"
I'd have managed it before then if  hadn't been muttering a countercurse, trying to save you."
" was trying to save me?"
All the other teachers thought  was trying to stop Gryffindor from winning, he did make himself unpopular... and what a waste of time, when after all that, I'm going to kill you tonight."
Unfortunately, while everyone else was running around looking for it, , who already suspected me, went straight to the third floor to head me off -- and not only did my troll fail to beat you to death, that three-headed dog didn't even manage to bite 's leg off properly.
"I saw you and  in the forest --" he blurted out.
"But I heard you a few days ago, sobbing -- I thought  was threatening you...." For the first time, a spasm of fear flitted across Quirrell's face.
Professor  couldn't bear being in your father's debt....
He caught Harry's eye and Harry knew at once that 's feelings toward him hadn't changed one jot.
